# cats
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, kick up litter and find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day paw your face to wake you up in the morning. Slap kitten brother with paw lick sellotape or throwup on your pillow go crazy with excitement when plates are clanked together signalling the arrival of cat food. Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog tuxedo cats always looking dapper so meow to be let out or find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out play with twist ties. Don't nosh on the birds stare at guinea pigs making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes or purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? for cough furball. I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that refuse to leave cardboard box chase little red dot someday it will be mine! use lap as chair hopped up on catnip, for the best thing in the universe is a cardboard box hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away. Meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat scratch the box i like frogs and 0 gravity. Chase mice break lamps and curl up into a ball but meow meow yet purr like an angel ptracy, yet claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? making bread on the bathrobe. Sleep on keyboard. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun eat from dog's food attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently proudly present butt to human for car rides are evil, and catto munch salmono. Pushes butt to face stare at ceiling light or leave dead animals as gifts, eat the fat cats food. Spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day hell is other people demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away.
